README.md, before:

[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/badges/nvim/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/commits/nvim)
[![Latest Release](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/badges/release.svg)](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/releases)

## 🎉 Welcome

## 🕊️ Introd <!--2021-09-18T 23:41:58-->

## Dependencies

* python-pynvim(neovim)
* python3(ultisnips)
* npm(for lsp-installer)
* go(lsp server)
* make(for install)
* ranger(file manager)
* need install noto-font-emoji or nerd font

## 📨 Install

```bash
make
or
sh ./install.sh
```

---

## 🧮 USage

nvim -c PlugInstall

## ✅ TODO

* [ ] how to add templates in nvim
* config norg table
* config format
* some sitution will cause error line repeat(maybe emoji or refresh time error)
  * :snowflake:  this emoji will cause this bug in kitty(only)
* config new theme for material, like tilde,
- [ ] learn The lighgtspeed plugins usage
* add shortkeys in vim to open browser html
- [ ] fix the zh bug(maybe also is terminal)
- add random banner and random color startup
  * https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim/discussions/16#discussioncomment-2386902
* first install automaticall install
*
* config dashboard
- this emjoi shadow bug, maybe is kitty terminal(switch to wezterm compare)
- some error tip from feline(active)

Commit message:

feat: add .editorconfig for nvim

README.md, after:

[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/badges/nvim/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/commits/nvim)
[![Latest Release](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/badges/release.svg)](https://gitlab.com/oeyoews/nvim/-/releases)

## 🎉 Welcome

## 🕊️ Introd <!--2021-09-18T 23:41:58-->

## Dependencies

* python-pynvim(neovim)
* python3(ultisnips)
* npm(for lsp-installer)
* go(lsp server)
* make(for install)
* ranger(file manager)
* need install noto-font-emoji or nerd font

## 📨 Install

```bash
make
or
sh ./install.sh
```

---

## Feature

* `Ctrl L` in insert mode, press it, you can input uppercase letters, press it again to toggle lowercase letters

## ✅ TODO

* [ ] how to add templates in nvim
* config norg table
* config format
* some sitution will cause error line repeat(maybe emoji or refresh time error)
  * :snowflake:  this emoji will cause this bug in kitty(only)
* config new theme for material, like tilde,
- [ ] learn The lighgtspeed plugins usage
* add shortkeys in vim to open browser html
- [ ] fix the zh bug(maybe also is terminal)
- add random banner and random color startup
  * https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim/discussions/16#discussioncomment-2386902
* first install automaticall install
*
* config dashboard
- this emjoi shadow bug, maybe is kitty terminal(switch to wezterm compare)
- some error tip from feline(active)
